hi this is paul acevedo of Windows Phone
central here with a video review of
nightmares from the deep the curse at
heart from artifacts moon d it's an
indie game for windows phone
you can choose between two difficulty
modes regular an expert regular is
definitely the way to go if you don't
like getting stuck and you want a little
help now and then again we have a little
more of the story advancing the story
tends to be hand-drawn art work although
there are some computer rendered scenes
every now and then got some helpful
tutorial text to teach players what to
do tap the delivery worker so here we
are in a museum I'll leave the great at
the end of the exhibition hall you can
see that animation is rendered looks
pretty good a lot of these games from
other developers don't look as nice so
we're playing as a female here hidden
object games tend to appeal to female
players as well as male so it's nice to
have a female protagonist can zoom in or
out on the display sometimes useful
okay first you don't have an access card
there you're all set now if you don't
mind I'll be on my way this is called a
hidden object puzzle adventure game it's
got multiple components there's
adventure as in solving puzzles and
advancing a story and the puzzles are in
the genre name and then there are also
hidden object puzzles do you think we
could pry tool it off with so many total
final gotta find a crowbar okay and I
just got my car key
tap inventory drag the item to use it
you
now in here we can tap different things
can't break the glass on this just yet
safe combination you can just tap around
the screen to look for things other
times it'll be obvious what you're
supposed to touch okay right for some of
the puzzles like this in a great touch
game play really well this is a touch
controls that is this is a really
natural way to do this right six left 21
and right 28 now I got a little in-game
achievement there this is not an Xbox
game but it does have its own
achievement system just for keeping
track of where you are here's the game's
first hidden object seen you can zoom in
during these things if you need to
there's a list of things to find
sometimes items have to be combined or
moved around so if you like in objects
you've got that to look forward to every
now and then it's kind of a treat you
know it's not just hit an object scene
after scene but interestingly the game
also gives you the choice of playing
mahjong solitaire instead of doing the
hidden object seen so if you prefer
mahjong solitaire as I kind of do myself
then you can just jump in here and do
this instead mahjong scenes aren't too
terribly difficult either if you end up
getting stuck it will automatically
reshuffle or you can just choose to
reshuffle at any time without penalty
except that you wouldn't qualify for
some of the in-game achievements
there we go and the result of a hidden
object seen is that you always get an
item you can use solve various puzzles
and this is where the game really gets
started the majority of it takes place
on the ship or on the island that it
sails to you gotta chase Remington and
try to rescue your daughter you can
always check your diary for a little
background info or a list of objectives
once you're on the island you also get a
map which tells you where you need to go
where there are places puzzles to be
solved basically that's handy this is a
pretty lengthy game is mostly well
written the story I mean you figure it
out really early on you know they don't
dole it out as well as they could have
but anyway it lasts pretty long you've
got a bonus adventure which is basically
just the epilogue to the story they
could have just connected it all and you
wouldn't even know the difference you
can replay hidden object scenes and
there are many of them so if you like
adventure hidden object games or even
mahjong solitaire this is definitely a
great Buy you can you can get the trial
version and then upgrade or you can just
buy the full version out right thanks
for watching read the full review at WP
central com
you